[DOCS-4858] Add ordinality info and update images to Log Detection doc (#16978)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/security/cloud_siem/log_detection_rules.md

### Search query

{{< img src="security/security_monitoring/detection_rules/new_term.png" alt="Define the search query" style="width:80%;" >}}

Construct a search query using the same logic as a [log explorer search][1]. Each query has a label, which is a lowercase ASCII letter. The query name can be changed from an ASCII letter by clicking the pencil icon.

**Note**: The query applies to all Datadog events and ingested logs which do not require indexing.

#### Learned value

> {{< img src="security/security_monitoring/detection_rules/learning_duration.png" alt="Define the learned value" style="width:80%;" >}}

Reviewer: will need to update the screenshot with the update name!

### Trigger

{{< img src="security/security_monitoring/detection_rules/define_rule_case2.png" alt="The set rule case section showing the default settings" style="width:80%;" >}}

> Enable **Create rules cases with the Then operator** if you want to generate a signal for the example, if query A occurs and then query B occurs.

Reviewer: There's a small limitation that we may want to call out as well - "THEN operator can only be used in one case"

Also the feature is now GA so we should be good to merge 🙇🏽‍♀️

> Enable **Create rules cases with the Then operator** if you want to generate a signal for the example, if query A occurs and then query B occurs.

Author: ```suggestion
Enable **Create rules cases with the Then operator** if you want to trigger a signal for the example: If query A occurs and then query B occurs. The Then operator can only be used on one rule case.
```

> Enable ordinality rule cases if you want to use the `then` operator. An example of an ordinatlity rule case is where a signal is generated if query A occurs and then query B occurs.

Reviewer: As mentioned - let's remove the term "ordinality"
